honey mama what is it I have to go away
for a while I was told to take a man to
hotel I said that he was an enemy of the
state take off your dress
and in exchange my mother look at the
doctor she need him
instead they cut his throat
there could be no witnesses so they gave
me a choice die or become a sparrow from
this day forward you will become spouts
weapons in a global struggle for power
you'll be trained in a psychological
manipulation you must learn to push
yourself beyond all limitation take off
your clothes when we are finished with
you the person you were will no longer
exist every human being is a puzzle of
need you must become the missing piece
and they will tell you anything you have
a gift you know how to survive
this is what you were meant to talk who
is a traitor and the government
his last known contact is an American
lipgloss I'm a Pharisee in pool
yesterday are we going to become friends
is Ellen you want
it's just Pharaoh the only man cause of
what you can do for them work with me
and make these men pay you are better
this than any of us your only problem is
you have a soul
we can't trust in a word that comes out
of her mouth there's something else
we're not seeing
if she's compromised she will be
eliminated
what have you done
you belong to them they won't ever let
go I'll find a way
you